% 380 Secure Chat Part II
%
%

## *Due:* Thursday, Dec 7th @ 11:59pm


## Documentation

Each group should prepare a brief document (text please!) that outlines the
security of their implementation of the chat program.  Please cover at least
the following:

* Assumptions: e.g., perhaps you assume that communicating parties already
  have each others' public keys.  You can also include here the types of
  attacks / resources you assume an adversary has access to.
* Claims: hopefully this will at least include integrity, confidentiality of
  messages as well as mutual authentication when both communicating parties
  are acting honestly, but you should also cover the case of a malicious
  communicating party (think about the worst thing that could happen if you
  start a session with someone running a modified, evil version of your chat
  program).

Note that you can of course adjust your claims depending on the resources
available to an adversary.

## Swap and analyze

Please find another group to trade projects with (I can help if needed).
Provide each other with the complete source and any documentation you have,
including the security claims as mentioned above.  Review the other team's
work with your group and verify / challenge their security claims.  Scrutinize
their protocol of course, but also look for any software security issues
(e.g., buffer overruns).  Prepare a text file with your analysis and any
vulnerabilities you found and submit it to me before the end of the term.

